kinder advice nice people bye
finally got gta 5 all I have
Played put the highest marks
By the way, from April 1, you are with us again
games
and again we will tell you about the most
interesting releases of the month went well
first this month we are greeted
add-on for heartstone called
blackrock mountain which will add and
new feature and new game hold
supplement will be available April 2
it will be worth 1200 rubles that you agree
too much of all the same on April 2
The incentive will appear dark souls 2 scholar already
first seen which is extended
reprint original dark souls 2
in which all were included
additional material is also
significantly improved graphic and
sound design besides the game
various changes were made and
we promised you the corrections many times
so that it appears again on the PC and April
month will not be an exception ladies to you
We will again promise that gta 5 will appear in
this time is April 14th but don’t believe me
fool all day today
mortal kombat her appears all too 14
April all the same in the incentive mortal kombat
x this is a fighting game developed let's call
studio with showtime studios
the game is the tenth of the whole day
mortal kombat story begins immediately
after the events of mortal kombat 2011 and
covers the next 25 years
April 23, the incentive will be the game of karma
years of rain gherkin arcade race from
independent studio stainless games
actions fed the house takes place in
post-apocalyptic world players will take
participation in racing races on the slopes
laid on the industrial complex
streets of dilapidated cities and mountain
terrain to win the racers race
should not
can all opponents or all
townspeople
in addition to ordinary people who will be
squeeze the race car into the gi feed
don represented robots and zombies for
strategy lovers April 24 will appear
do in just 2 economic game
real time strategy action
which unfolds in magical
world players must extract resources
developed the base and train troops
to attack enemies and conquer them
On April 28, the game will appear broken
age
act second marriage anna bills
an adventure game from the studio got
fine productions
brokerage tell two stories about
little girl and little boy
residents of the village where the girl lives
going to sacrifice her terrible
monster but she makes a decision
fight for your life
the boy lives in a spaceship
under the supervision of artificial intelligence
but he is tired of such a life and he
going to break free and
go adventure all
the same on April 28, the state of
decay era bath surwaival edishen
reprint original state of decay
released for pc and xbox 360 in
Erlan Survival and Dyushan has been improved
graphic sound design besides
order and ruan survival edition includes
all additions released for state
of decay
state of decay is an action adventure
open world developed studio
angel labs action game unfolds
in the post apocalyptic world and
focuses on doing
people in case of a zombie invasion and
and at the end of the month April 30 will be released game
solarium xp horror first person
developing on an independent studio
pulse teens games action solex
unfolding on the space station
after being held at the station
genetic experiments got out
control he leaked just one person
who is now trying to survive who is not
understood this is our
love the hero must get out of the station
avoid run-ins with horrible monsters
hacking into security systems using
elements of the environment for their own purposes in general
solaris is another shit horror
to the autlast type, let's just hope that
it will be better but more and more
nothing will appear in the month of April
interesting thanks for not looking
We forget to put the huskies and subscribe
if you haven't done it yet
spam friends and comment on this
just all good and light in the coming night